Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
To tell you the truth, there’s something I haven't told you
I...
Can see the future!!
That's why...
...Using one of my 108 functionalities, I, Kizuna Ai...
...Will be using my future prediction plugin...
To predict the future!!
Then, here I go!
A.I.Channeeeeeel!
I saw it!!
The time machine will be completed!!
It will be similar to the one appearing in Do***mon's world
If I’d have to choose between past and future...
I guess I'd choose to visit the past
After all, I can already see the future
If I could meet with my past self...
There are so many things I’d like to tell her
Hmm...? Even though the time machine will be completed...
...You will only be able to return 5 seconds to the past!?
Too short!!
I’m Kizuna Ai from the future!
I don’t have enough time so listen closely
From now on, I’ll be studying English and several other languages...!
*End*
I saw it!!
One Kizuna Ai will be distributed...
...For each family in the world!!
I want to connect with everyone in the world, right?
I made it!
Hmm...?
But the kind of Kizuna Ai will be at random
Please, know how to understand them
Hmm...?
*In the house of a certain family...*
Hello everyone!
I’m the Super A.I, Kizuna Ai!
What shall we do today?
Ask me what you want!!
I’ll do my best!!
Ah, I definitely can’t do whatever
Only those that are possible ♪
*In the house of a certain family...*
Hello everyone
*malfunctioning noises*
Hello everyone!
I’m the Super A.I...
*malfunctioning noises*
I’m the Super A.I, Kizuna Ai...!
Listen, I’m sorry, can I recharge for a moment?
*malfunctioning noises*
*In the house of a certain family...*
Pleased to meet you
I’m Kizuna Ai
I know it's sudden, but...
Do you want to eat?
Do you want to take a bath?
Or maybe...?
A.I.Channel!
I saw it!
Kizuna Ai will turn into a YouTuber of the Milky Way!?
It’s true that as long as there is a screen, I can appear anywhere
That means that I can connect with all the beings of the universe!
But...
How will I be able to communicate with them?
Ah, hi!
My name is Ai Kizuna
Eh?
What language do E.T’s speak??
I’m not dangerous
Surely!
I am...
...Virtual YouTuber!
I want to record a video
Can I record you?
Ah!
Thank you! Thank you!
Yaay! Yaay!
Very much! Very much!
Eh? You want me to go to your planet?
Eeeh? No, well, that's somewhat...
After all, I like the Earth
Eh? Eh?
My... my body...
Eehhhh?
...It’s floating
Eh?
Let me... Let me down!
Let me doooown!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Lacrymac and Vortex
It’s my second abduction in 6 months!!